update readme - unittest required (#356)
galaxyproject/galaxy_codex: sources/README.md

To contribute to the CoDex Source code:
1. fork the repository,
2. create a branch and add your changes

> 3. add a unittest for your changes, see [unittests](sources/bin/tests) for examples. New functions now require a unittest to be merged !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. add a unit test for your changes (see [unittests](sources/bin/tests) for examples).  **Warning:** new functions now require a unit test to be merged!
```

4. make a pull request to the **dev branch** of the CoDex repository. 

> The unittest framework will run on your PR, fix the tests if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `unittest` framework will run on your PR. Please fix the tests if required.
```
